# COMP3900: Computer Science / Information Technology Project

| Name                         | Tutorial   | Team           |
| ---------------------------- | ---------- | -------------- |
| Muhammad Abubakar (z5165087) | W14B 2-4PM | Blue Man Group |

## Week 1

- Group formed, selected the car space sharing system as our project and selected Tobias as the Scrum Leader. We created our Jira group and started discussing how we would go about our project. 
- Also did research on existing car space sharing platforms like Oscar.

## Week 2

- We had two meetings this week, one in class.
- Started writing the user stories - I wrote 'User' group of User Stories with Younggil.
- Made a Github account and managed to join the group eventually.
- Created a TO-DO list for the group of things we had to finish for the proposal

## Week 3

- We had several meetings this week.
- Created a proposal template document to make it easier to complete and have it clean and submittable right away.
- Finished off the user stories for User. Also reorganised the user stories on Jira to better fit our reframed objectives.
- I wrote the background for the proposal and descriptions for most of the user stories in the proposal. I also assisted with the system architecture descriptions. Also added all the screenshots and wrote up the sprint schedule.
- Comfortably finished proposal as a group.

## Week 4

- We had several meetings again this week.
- Basically implemented all the user stories w/ Tobias for the backend e.g. user auth, registration
- Specifically did user registration and log in/out among other things

## Week 5

- Had a meeting to walk through demo in advance of the class demo on Wednesday
